For each of these TODO items, check what every other competitor library does, choose the best approach.

- implement a standalone function to sanitize/normalize Rust model names (e.g. PascalCase).
  Compare against all other libraries for other programming languages to see what kinds of edge
  cases they're covering that we might not know about. Most importantly analyze the competitor
  Rust crates to see how they make sure that generated model names are actually valid Rust
  struct/enum/etc identifiers, and how they handle name/namespace collisions, etc. We should have
  extensive unit tests here.
  As part of this, do libraries which generate models/classes/structs/POJOs/etc from JSON Schema
  use the field name as the model's Name, or does it use the JSON Schema "title" field as the
  model's Name. Which one is used by default, and which one is used as the fallback? Gather this
  data from across all relevant competitor repos. (My opinion is that we may want to default to
  field name, with a fallback to "title" if necessary. This should be configurable via Settings.)
- implement refs/defs (and figure out if there's a way that this will tie into the "deduplicate
  identical definitions" idea that's mentioned beneath this idea. Maybe they're implemented as
  part of the same system)
- implement the ability to dedupe generated structs. Aka, if the given JSON Schema definition has
  multiple different object definitions which are literally identical in every way (have the same
  amount of fields which are of the same types which have the same constraints and descriptions etc)
  then we should figure out if we could check for that, and generate only a single Rust model
  which satisfies all of the duplicate object definitions (instead of generating multiple identical
  Rust structs)
- figure out how to test that our generated Rust structs actually compile properly.
  Somehow we need to take JSON Schema definitions and emit Rust structs as files on disk or something,
  then attempt to use the generated models in a test program or something in order to test if our library
  even works or not. This is different than testing/asserting against a known-good string - because
  how do we even know if the known-good string works correctly? We need to actually test against the
  code that we're generating.
- implement the json-schema-rs library in such a way that we can generate models in any language,
  not just Rust. We should have some sort of trait which defines the contract for how this library
  works, and it should take our intermediate json schema representation as input,
  and spit out a Vec<u8> of the generated models in the target language. We'll then have our own
  struct which implements and satisfies the interface and specifically generates Rust models.
- figure out how to automatically run benchmarks for our library, and do the same for all relevant
  competitor libraries. It must be automated after running a single Makefile target command.
  It should spit out individual results for the relevant metrics of our library, the same for
  competitor libraries, and then compare them all against each other to clearly mark a winner
  for each given category.
- let's create a new root-level "design" dir to hold our knowledge bank of features that our library
  supports. We should have individual Markdown files for each specific JSON Schema feature/field.
  e.g. we should have a "high level architecture" markdown file which roughly describes how we've
  designed our library's architecture.
  e.g. we should have a "strings" Markdown file to remember how we went about implementing strings
  in our library. This should also contain information regarding how every single available
  JSON Schema specification has mentioned that Strings should be implemented. We should then compare
  how the spec has changed between each version, and ultimately implement how the most recent spec
  has defined how strings should function. We should note down all of this inside this "strings"
  markdown file. And if there are any differences in how different specs declare strings should work,
  then we should offer a Setting/Config which can enable/disable functionality based on a specific version.
  e.g. we should have Markdown files, 1 for every JSON Schema feature/field, which mimics how we
  described the "strings" markdown file should work.
- if we have any kind of recursion, let's implement it as iterative approach rather than a literal
  recursion algorithm (don't want to be impacted via stack overflow issues or related issues)
- figure out how to generatr rust via macros using this same lib
- support UUIDs
- support integer fields being generated as the smallest possible Rust integer type that fits the range
  using minimum/maximum bounds: i8, u8, i16, u16, etc. Do the same thing for number fields being
  generated as f32/f64 if minimum/maximum are set accordingly, otherwise fallback to f64.
- implement Enums as Rust Enums instead of Rust Strings. Handle collisions (multiple JSON values
  mapping to the same name) with suffixes like `_0` and `_1`. If an enum name starts with an invalid char
  (like a non-letter), prefix it with `E`.
